(DOCSP-27230): Update SwiftUI tutorial for v2 template app (#276)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/tutorial/swiftui.txt

- Register their email as a new user account.
- Sign in to their account with their email and password (and sign out later).
- View, create, modify, and delete their own tasks.
- View all tasks, even where the user is not the owner.

The template app also provides a toggle that simulates the device being in 
"Offline Mode." This toggle lets you quickly test Device Sync functionality 

> on a simulator, simulating the user having no internet connection. However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a simulator, simulating the user having no internet connection. However,
```

"simulator, simulating" reads odd to me. perhaps 'simulating' could be replaced by a synonym like 'mocking', 'emulating', etc.

you would likely remove this toggle in a production application.

This tutorial builds on the Template App. You will add a new ``priority`` field 
to the existing ``Item`` model and update the 
:ref:`Flexible Sync subscription <queryable-fields>` to only show items within 

> a range of priorities. This is an arbitrary example to illustrate how you might 
> adapt the template app for your own needs. You would not realistically make 
> this specific change given the current structure of the template app. 

Reviewer: like i agree w you here, but i think we could *soften* the language to smthn like:

```suggestion
a range of priorities. This example illustrates how you might 
adapt the template app for your own needs. You would not necessarily make 
this change given the current structure of the template app. 
```

           - This file uses the values from ``AppConfig.swift`` to initialize
             the ``realmApp``. The ``realmApp`` is how your app communicates 
             with the App Services backend. This provides access to login and 
             authentication. This file also contains the error handler that 

>              listens for Sync errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             listens for Device Sync errors.
```

      Return to your mobile app. Because we added ``reRunOnOpen``, the app
      should re-sync only the documents that match the Flexible Sync query.
      After an initial moment when Realm resyncs the document collection, you 

>       will see only the new Item of High priority that you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      will only see the new Item of High priority that you created.
```

nit: not sure why but this reads a lil better to me

>       You'll note that the document you initially created is not synced, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Item document you initially created is not synced, 
```

      because it does not have a ``priority`` field. If you want this Item to 
      be synced, you can edit the document in the Atlas UI and add a value for 
      the priority field.
      
      If you want to further test the functionality, you can create Items of various 
      priorities. You will see that a new Item with a lower priority briefly
      appears in the list of Items and then disappears. The Sync error handler
      helpfully provides a message describing this behavior:

      .. code-block:: sh
         :copyable: false

         ERROR 
         "Client attempted a write that is outside 
         of permissions or query filters; it has been reverted"

      You can also see this message in the console log.

>       In this instance, Realm creates the Item locally, syncs it with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In this situation, Realm creates the Item locally, syncs it with the 
```

nit: had to read 2x b/c when i read 'instance', i thought 'instance of object/class'. not super important. also not in love w word 'situation' as in the suggestion, if you have alternatives.

Author: That's fair - went with scenario.
